Changelog: DM-3677 fixes Device Simulator SmartRest template collection parsing with response template (#2190)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/content/change-logs/device-management/device-simulator-1-8-0-SmartRest-response-template-parsing.md

---
date:

> title: SmartRest template collection parsing no longer fails with response template   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: SmartREST template collection parsing no longer fails with response template   
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-veSW5rwrq
    label: device-simulator
ticket: DM-3411
version: 1.8.0
---

> SmartRest template collection parsing was failing with a response template. This issue has been resolved by fixing the Response template creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Device simulators configured to use a SmartREST template collection containing response templates had internal issues that prevented the creation of data. This internal has been addressed by correctly parsing response templates so that processing is no longer interrupted.
```

Author: Done

> Device simulators configured to use a SmartREST template collection containing response templates had internal issues that prevented data creation. This internal has been addressed by correctly parsing response templates so that processing is no longer interrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device simulators configured to use a SmartREST template collection containing response templates had an internal issue that prevented data creation. This issue has been addressed by correctly parsing response templates so that processing is no longer interrupted.
```
